Annalise: Previously on
How to Get Away With Murder...
I bet you 100 bucks
that in a couple of months,
she'll be back in jail.
Denver promoted me to
lead investigator, Annalise.
My life is finally
coming together,
so please...
stay out of my way.
Caplan & Gold is the firm
that represents my father.
My father killed Wes,
and you're gonna help me
take him down.
Annalise: You've reached the
voicemail of Annalise Keating.
Please leave a message.
Tell me where the baby is!
Where the hell are you?
She's awake.
Answer the damn phone!
Michaela!
Leave me alone.
Slow down, I'm pregnant!
That's why we can't do this.
Things are good
in our lives for once,
we have a second chance. Taxi!
-Can you please at least let me
tell you my plan?
-No!
All you have to do is access
my father's account.
It's called Antares.
You just need to find
some illegal activity
that we can leak
to the S.E.C. or FBI.
Oh, my God.
-We'll Enron him!
-You Enron him!
-I can't!
-Why?
Are you afraid
he'll find out and kill us?
Well, that scares me, too!
[ Sighs ]
This is for Wes, Michaela.
He is exactly
who you sound like right now.
He spun out about Sam
and Rebecca and the Mahoneys,
and look what happened
to him!
My father killed him.
Okay,
and where's your evidence?
-I'm trying to get it!
That's what I'm trying to get --
-No!
You were trying to get me
to steal files from my dream job
based
on circumstantial evidence.
The evidence
is my entire life, okay?
My father
is a terrible person.
He has done terrible things
and he needs to go to jail
and you can make
that happen.
-[ Cellphone chimes ]
-[ Sighs ]
Don't follow me.
Michaela!
-Michaela.
-No.
Drive.
Drive!
Michaela!
♪
Virginia:
We're Public Defenders.
We're used to being
overworked, underpaid.
It's like a badge of honor
at this point.
It's why we started
the program.
We're calling it
the Philadelphia
Right to Counsel
in the hope that private
attorneys like yourself
can help
with case overflow.
Sounds like a great idea.
You're one of the only ones
who thinks so.
And you should've seen
my face when I heard
that the Annalise Keating
called to sign up.
Well,
my caseload is light,
so I thought it would
be a good time to help.
Help who?
Our clients
or your reputation?
How many clients are your PDs
juggling out there?
200 at a time?
I mean, did you know that I got
a woman's record sealed
after decades of convictions?
I heard about that.
Yeah, did you also hear
that I'm broke?
So, the last thing I need
to be doing
is chasing after
some poor-ass client.
I'm here.
Put me to work.
What about
your other problem?
Which one?
The drinking.
I have that under control.
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
But beware.
This is one of those cases
that keeps me up at night.
Ben Carter.
I represented him
12 years ago
when he was convicted
of killing his fiancée.
He wrote
his own appeal from jail,
and he's getting a retrial.
On what grounds?
Jury bias.
They couldn't not judge
a book by its cover.
♪
You my new lawyer?
I got 'em when I was 16.
It's how we repped
our set.
I met Kym two years later,
and she begged me to get out.
You know how hard that is?
Nobody leaves that world
and stays above ground.
But I did it for Kym.
Kymberly Wheeler was
an impressionable 19-year-old
when she met the defendant.
That's when he sold her
on the idea
that he was a reformed
gang member --
a story she believed
till he did this.
Pushed the mother
of his 8-month-old baby
from the 10th story
of their apartment.
I didn't push her.
She jumped.
Why?
Kymberly tried to end
her relationship with Ben
that night.
And when he couldn't
convince her to stay,
he became angry,
and pushed her to her death.
She wasn't going
to leave me.
That's not what
our fight was about.
I can't help you
if you tell me
the same lies you've been
telling for the last 12 years.
♪
We got into a fight
about Madison.
Is that your daughter?
Kym told me
she wasn't mine.
12 years ago, Ben Carter
not only lost his fiancée,
but any relationship
with his daughter, Madison.
But somehow,
he found the strength
to write his own appeal
in his cell
because he desperately wanted
a jury to recognize the truth.
I called her a ho,
trash.
Said Madison
would probably grow up
to be a slut
just like her mom --
Stop.
Did you push her?
No.
Because I know if someone
had told me
that my baby wasn't mine,
I'd snap.
I said terrible things,
yes.
Things...
that probably got her
to kill herself.
But I never hurt her.
Kym was suffering
from postpartum depression
when she killed herself.
But the prosecution
doesn't want you to know that.
Instead, they want you to cave
into your most basic,
judgmental instinct
and convict my client
based on his appearance.
Because that's the only piece
of evidence
the prosecution has
in this case.
Think about it.
Really?
12 years in prison for no other
reason than the way you look?
♪
We owe Ben his freedom.
Imagine if an enemy
gets into your system
and steals your files
or holds them for ransom.
Believe me, this office is very
susceptible to an attack.
Seems like the only way you'd
know how "susceptible" we are
is if you hacked us
yourself.
Uh,
that would be illegal.
Yeah.
It would.
Hey. Lahey.
I need a favor.
Wait!
In case you change your mind.
[ Door opens ]
Oliver:
Bonnie works at the D.A.
-Laurel: What?
-It's bad, right?
She probably made a deal with
Denver to turn on all of us.
No,
BonBon wouldn't do that.
Then why is she there?
'Cause Annalise fired her.
-What?!
-How do you know that?
-Frank told me.
-You spoke to Frank?
Yeah, I'm helping him study
for his LSATs.
-[ Chuckles incredulously ]
-Okay, what the hell
is going on right now?
He's trying to get a fresh start
like the rest of us.
BonBon, too.
And, actually,
they live together now.
It's kind of adorbs.
Who wants a drink?
My treat.
Uh, it's noon,
and you need to sit down.
-We have big news.
-Mine is bigger.
[ Paper rustles ]
-What is that?
-A refund.
What'd you return, a boat?
A law school degree.
I just dropped out.
♪
Is the Commonwealth prepared
to call its first witness?
We call investigator
Nate Lahey to the stand.
♪
[ Spectators murmuring ]
[ Gate closes ]
Everything okay?
Yeah.
♪
Kym: Ben, it's me, Kym.
I know how angry you are,
but we need to talk.
[ Voice breaking ]
I'm trying to figure this out,
at least for the baby.
-Please come home.
-[ Recorder beeps ]
Mr. Lahey,
why wasn't this voicemail
available
at the initial trial?
It's only with new technology
we were able
to recover it
from Ben's cellphone.
But why didn't you find it
in Ben's voicemail
when he was brought
into custody?
He deleted that voicemail.
Nothing further.
Mr. Lahey,
where is the investigator
that was originally scheduled
to testify today?
She got sick, ma'am.
And why are you filling in
for a sick colleague?
I'm the Lead Investigator.
It's protocol for me
to replace an investigator
if they can't appear.
And how did you obtain this
position as Lead Investigator?
I earned through hard work
and intelligence, ma'am.
Neither of which means that
you're prepared for this case.
I mean, what have you had?
20 minutes to familiarize
yourself with this case
prior to testifying?
-I'm more than familiar
with all our cases.
-Great.
Then explain to me
why the police found
no hard evidence
against my client.
Deleting a voicemail
which speaks to motive
could be considered evidence
against your client.
Well, how do you know
my client deleted that voicemail
and not someone else?
-Objection,
calls for speculation!
-I am.
I'm speculating,
just like Mr. Lahey is doing
by even equating deleting
a voicemail to murder.
I mean, in that case,
we're all murderers.
Have you ever deleted
a voicemail?
Judge:
That's enough, Ms. Keating.
Finish up,
or I'll strike your cross.
No need.
The witness can go.
♪
Simon:
I didn't say "fruitcake,"
I said "cheesecake."
[ Laughter ]
I thought
it was going to be free.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
I told you not
to call me at work.
Connor dropped out.
He lost his mind.
-What?
-Talk some sense into him.
Hello?
Who is it?
-Why are you being
an idiot?
-I'm not.
I just had a breakthrough
on my run this morning.
Yeah,
he means a breakdown.
Seriously, Connor.
Go back and return the money.
No, not when I feel
this great.
Come on.
Let's go celebrate.
-Drinks are on me.
-Connor!
-Meet us at Debriefed.
-I have a job.
Asher:
This is more important.
Are you on
a personal call?
No.
Who is this?
[ Bad British accent ] Uh, this
is Lionel, uh, Bigsby, Esquire.
I'm here to discuss
a legal matter with Ms. --
-Boyfriend?
-No.
Yes,
but it was an emergency.
That was strike one.
Get up.
Interns!
It's go time.
Get your asses up!
You heard her,
you worthless bottom feeders!
-Come on!
-Unh!
Everyone gather round.
Put the coffee down.
And bring your diapers.
We don't want any accidents
like last year.
This is a tradition
we like to call
the Caplan & Gold Hell Bowl.
Tournament-style
fight to the death.
You'll each go head-to-head
facing off on your knowledge
of everything C&G related
until we're down
to the final four.
The winner not only gets
this pricey puppy...
but also gets to pick which
Partner they want to work under.
Round one, Biggins vs. Pratt.
What year was Caplan & Gold
first established?
-[ Bell dings ]
-Pratt.
1934.
Correct.
Take the floor, loser.
♪
Suck it.
What was the largest
cash settlement
Caplan & Gold has ever won?
$1.1 billion.
Correct.
Which partner passed the bar
at the geniusly
young age of 22?
Tegan Price.
Is that right, Ms. Price?
I'm a savant.
What can I say?
-[ Bell dings ]
-2,436 attorneys worldwide?
-Lucia v. S.E.C.
Eh.
Incorrect.
Kokesh v. S.E.C.
The Responsible
Corporate Officer Doctrine.
[ Bell dings ]
Woman: Patent Prosecution Firm
of the Year Award.
[ Bell dings ]
2,000 annual billable hours
per litigator.
The Laughlin and Stokes
Merger.
What's the name
of our Miami-based client
with the largest spyware market
share in the world?
Antares Technologies.
Antares is correct.
And that ends round 1.
Let's give it up
for the final four!
[ Applause ]
♪
Uh-huh.
Hi.
Wow.
It only took Oliver
about 5 minutes to go squeal.
Frank had already
told Asher.
Tell everyone
there's nothing to worry about.
We're not worried.
Then why are you here?
[ Sighs ]
I want to be your intern.
No.
Please?
I checked online, and the D.A.'s
office has a program --
-Laurel.
-My GPA sucks, okay?
Who else is going to hire me,
especially when I'm like this?
-Nate.
-Oh, no.
Tell Bonnie how good
of an intern I'd make.
You're not working here.
Seriously.
No munchkins allowed.
What?
Bonnie. Bonnie.
What's up?
You finally want to get
that Annalise stink off you?
They keep assigning you
the crappy cases, right?
I'm new.
Or they all still think
you're team Annalise.
Trust me.
I've been there.
Come on.
It'll be fun.
Annalise!
Ben called.
He said you were putting him
on the stand.
Are you two screwing?
Stop.
Listen,
you lost the case the first time
Those were your words.
because of the jury.
I'm going to win
by showing them
he's more
than a tattooed gangbanger.
He's not ready for this.
-Ms. Keating?
-What?
I'm from
the disciplinary board.
Are you here
to micromanage me, too?
I need to take
a urine sample.
♪
[ Sighs ]
You need to witness me wipe,
too?
[ Cap clacks ]
Results will be back
in a few days.
Can't wait.
[ Toilet flushes ]
♪
Part of your probation?
How are you?
Good.
[ Water running ]
Everyone else is good,
too.
Oliver started
his own I.T. company.
Michaela got
a great internship.
Asher's still looking for one.
So am I.
Guess those letters
weren't that helpful.
And Connor just decided
to drop out completely.
Oh, and we still don't know
who killed Wes.
So, yeah.
Everything's great.
I'm trying to move on
with my life, Laurel.
I know that's hard to hear.
It's not hard.
It's a relief
to be free from you, actually.
What do you want?
Make sure I know that
you hate me, hurt my feelings?
That would require you
to have feelings.
♪
You know, you're about
to have a child.
You need to stop acting
like one.
You're right.
It's a boy, by the way.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Man: Which lawyer are you going
to intern for if you win?
Simon: I'm thinking
I might either go
with Berman or Hornstock.
It depends on who has
the better caseload.
[ Mockingly ] Ooh, it depends
on memememememem.
[ Knocks on desk ]
Stand up.
That is not a request.
Do not let that man-child
get in your head.
-No, he's not.
-He's in there, I can tell,
which means he already has
the upper hand.
He doesn't.
I promise.
If he loses, he sucks.
But if you lose,
women suck.
That's why you need
to annihilate him.
I thought this was one
of the best firms for women.
It is.
Go study.
Otherwise,
I'm out 2 grand.
Uh, what?
I bet on you.
Be flattered.
[ J. Balvin & Willy William's
"Mi Gente" plays ]
♪ Si el ritmo te lleva
a mover la cabeza
Y empezamos como ves? ♪
This is your plan, huh?
You're just going to stuff
your entire tuition
down a go-go boy's crack?
If that's what
my true heart desires.
Yeah,
I don't think it's your heart
that's doing
the desiring here.
What, are you jealous?
That's hot.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
Oh, look, it's, uh,
probably a work call
because responsible adults don't
spend their days at the bar.
I'll be responsible
tomorrow, then.
Can you fix this?
Can't stop, won't stop.
Hampton I.T. Services.
It's Nate.
Feel like making some money?
♪
I'm sorry.
I can't really find anything.
Check her voice memos.
-I did.
-Nate: You're lying.
Weren't you just begging
for this job?
That was when
it wasn't hacking Annalise.
She's had you do this
a million times to win cases.
This is a little different.
She didn't even
respect you enough
to fire you to your face,
Oliver.
♪
[ Keyboard clacking ]
There's a deleted voice memo
from yesterday in her cache.
-Play it.
-[ Keyboard clacks ]
Annalise:
I can't help you if you tell me
the same lies you've been
telling for the last 12 years.
Ben: We got into a fight
about Madison.
Is that your daughter?
Kym told me she wasn't mine.
Mr. Carter, how did you feel
after Madison was born?
I was happy.
I never realized I wanted
to be a dad until I met Madison.
And Kym?
She stayed in bed a lot.
Barely ate.
Did you see a therapist
about postpartum depression?
No.
We're not from
the type of place
where people talk
about stuff like that.
But knowing what happened,
you know, Kym hurting herself...
I wish I'd done something
to help her feel better.
Your witness.
Your Honor, the Commonwealth
would like to request
Mr. Carter submit
to a paternity test.
On what grounds?
That Mr. Carter is hiding
the fact
that he is not Madison's
biological father.
Objection!
Isn't that the real reason
why you and Kym
were fighting that night?
Judge, what evidence does he
have to support any of this?!
That's why you pushed her
to her death!
-Strike that from the record,
Your Honor!
-No!
Mr. Modrow, enough!
Because Madison
is another man's child!
Don't listen to him, Madison.
Ben, stop!
You're still my girl,
you hear me?
Ben, stop!
I love you, Madison.
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪
So it's true.
You and Bonnie
are playing house?
Doucheface tell you that?
He said he was helping you
study, too.
I got a lot of time
on my hands.
I've been wanting
to call you, Laurel.
Why didn't you?
'Cause I didn't think
you wanted me to.
Am I wrong?
[ Book thuds ]
I need you to convince Bonnie
to hire me as her intern.
[ Sighs ]
-She's not gonna do that.
-Just ask.
-You don't want
to work there, anyway.
-I do, too.
They're a bunch
of chowderheads.
I am going to become
that sad mommy sell-out
you predicted
if you don't help me.
First time we met,
you said
that I was going to give up
my career to become a mom.
And guess what?
I'm at the bottom of my class,
I have no internship, and...
there's this.
[ Sighs ]
♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
New girlfriend?
Pretty much.
Hey.
Yeah, we need you, and we need
your meatballs, stat.
♪
[ Sighs ]
It's going to be fine.
Oh, it will be
when I get this case back.
No, I can handle this.
It's not about you anymore.
It's about Ben.
So, why don't you put your ego
aside and give me back the case?
Annalise?
[ Sighs ]
[ Keys clacking ]
Hey!
Get in your car.
I get why you'd do this.
I put you through hell.
Annalise.
But you,
hate me if you want,
but don't ruin a man's life
because your feelings got hurt.
I'm not on your case.
Did you ever think
about how that girl would feel
finding out the truth
like this?
Hey, calm down.
You could never separate
your emotions from your job.
-That's you right now,
not me.
-Walk away.
That's what always made you
a bad lawyer.
You got beat,
and you can't take it.
-[ Bag thuds ]
-I'll tell you,
I'll beat your ass.
-How about that?!
-Hey! Whoa!
-You're so lost!
-Hey!
-You got on your knees
for Denver --
-Beg for a job!
Get in your car!
♪
[ Car door closes,
engine starts ]
It was all me,
by the way, Annalise.
Bull!
♪
[ Cellphone rings ]
I'm not giving you my case,
Virginia!
Woman: Hello?
Is this Annalise Keating?
Yes!
I'm calling
from the County morgue.
We have reason to believe
you can help us
identify a body.
♪
Ms. Keating?
[ Door closes ]
♪
Do you recognize
this woman?
[ Sighs ]
She was my client.
The Queen is back!
You want to save me?
Go back to when I was 13!
Jasmine Bromelle.
What happened?
No autopsy yet, but you can see
the track marks, so...
Police found her
in an alley.
There's been a slew
of O.D.s in the area.
Dublin, Lima, Madrid,
Brussels, Singapore,
New Delhi, Johannesburg --
Don't forget about Kigali.
My father pillages Rwanda
for minerals,
so he made C&G set up
a tiny office there.
Okay, we are not talking
about this here.
What about the baby?
What am I going to tell him
-about his father
when he grows up?
-Stop.
How am I going to say
he was murdered
and I did nothing about it?
What's the gossip, girls?
Her baby shower
I don't want to plan.
[ Door opens ]
-I can plan the shower.
-They're here!
They're here.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Maybe this isn't
such a good idea.
I sacrificed precious
study time to be here.
We're doing this.
It's just going to make him
dig in his heels more.
Quiet.
-[ Door closes ]
-Surprise.
What is this,
an intervention or something?
No. It's family dinner,
just like old times.
I'm leaving.
Okay,
it's an intervention, yes,
but with... meatballs,
so it's a dinnervention!
♪
Asher: Dear Connor,
becoming your friend
has been one of the best things
that's happened to me.
We've all been through so much,
but you stuck by my side --
-Can I say something?
-God, yes.
Uh, actually, when I did this
with my sister Chloe,
the counselor said
the family gets to speak first.
Well,
we're not a family.
We're a screwed-up, toxic
waste dump of dysfunction.
-[ Chuckles ]
-Hey.
Everyone's here
'cause they care about you.
Okay, how is anyone okay
with him being here right now?
-Dude.
-No, seriously.
A few months ago,
we thought that you killed Wes,
and now we're just
supposed to pretend
-that we're besties again?
-Frank didn't kill Wes.
-Are we sure?
-Yes.
And I am the only one who has
the right to drop out right now.
You bailed
on your internship interviews.
Out of anyone here, you should
understand this decision.
Oliver:
You're going to regret
day drinking
and watching TV in a week.
Then I'll volunteer
at an animal shelter
or something!
Do you understand
how sad that sounds?
How are you fighting me
on this right now?
You were just pushing me
to do something more meaningful.
Michaela: Oliver
didn't mean like this.
He fell in love with a smart,
ambitious winner!
I can speak for myself.
Meanwhile,
here you are behaving
like some aimless,
deadbeat loser
that no one wants to marry,
let alone date.
Wait, do you feel
this way about me
'cause I don't have
an internship?
I should be studying
for the Hell Bowl right now,
but I am here because,
like Frank said,
I care about you,
and I want what's best for you.
Then hear me,
and hear me good.
What's best for me is you trust
that I know how to make
my own life decisions,
whether you agree with them
or not,
because that's what a real,
supportive family does.
Are we clear?
♪
Great meatballs, Frank.
[ Knock on door ]
♪
Sorry. It was either
come here or the bar.
♪
I told you
this would happen,
that she would get out,
get high.
[ Breathing shakily ]
I'm losing my case.
Well, losing cases
is part of the job.
Losing a friend,
that's another thing.
She wasn't my friend.
You want my help?
How can you help me?
Rule 1.16.
A lawyer should withdraw
from a case
if their physical
or mental condition
impairs their ability
to properly rep their client.
Well, that's not
what's happening here.
You said you were feeling
the urge to drink --
But I came here.
For help.
And that's what I'm offering.
This is too much for anyone,
Annalise.
Look, I can give the judge
an affidavit
saying this is what needs
to happen for your health.
And only the judge would know
why you withdrew -- no one else.
Well, I can see
you hate that idea.
-I hate being a failure.
-Okay.
But isn't losing your license
because you took a drink worse?
[ Joywave's "Content" plays ]
[ Elevator bell dings ]
♪ I'm searching
for the difference between ♪
♪ What content
and content can bring ♪
♪ I'm trying to find
the difference ♪
Frank:
She feels lost and needs a job.
She played you, Frank.
Mommy said no,
so she went to Daddy.
Okay.
But it's Laurel.
You know you care.
I don't, so please stop.
She's pregnant, Bon,
with the dead puppy's baby.
What are we supposed to do,
kick her to the curb?
I have a feeling
your family
did that to you.
♪
You go live with her
if she's that important to you.
Bon.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hey.
Did you drop this off?
-Frank: What?
-[ DVD player beeps ]
The DVD at my door.
I didn't drop off anything.
You're the only one who knows
where I live, Frank.
I have no clue
what you're talking about.
What's on it?
Do you want me to find out
who sent it?
♪
Please let me help,
Annalise.
♪ I'm trying to find
the difference ♪
♪
Show up on time,
sit in this chair,
and do whatever I say.
Get coffee, file, photocopy.
That's all.
-Got it.
-No.
Because if I catch you
doing anything out line
or screwing up
this job for me --
You'll chop off my head
and feed it to Denver.
Thank you again.
Thank Frank.
20 copies
before my staff meeting.
You caved?
She's alone and pregnant,
and every other intern in here
is related to a judge.
We could do worse.
Did Annalise ask
for a continuance?
No, but she's got
to be up to something.
Isn't she always?
Bonnie.
You okay?
We've said so much worse
to each other.
It's fine.
-It's, uh, quaint.
-Just tell me who sent it.
I talked
to the night manager.
Got her to show me
the lobby footage.
She saw a guy she didn't
recognize get in the elevator.
-He had a manila envelope.
-[ Door opens ]
What's wrong now?
For once, nothing.
But work with me here.
I want you to say
exactly what I tell you.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Frank: The manager made the guy
show his I.D. on the way out.
His name's Bill Stanton.
He works at a bar
across from City Hall.
Annalise!
I'm not dropping the case.
I know.
Ben asked me to be here.
Why?
Because he's terrified
you're going to lose the case.
Please tell me
you have a plan.
I got some new evidence
last night.
-What is it?
-You'll see.
Sit back and enjoy the show.
Frank: He's a real dog
with the ladies.
Just get to the point,
Frank.
Guess who he's screwing?
Is the defense ready to proceed?
Yes, Your Honor.
I'd like to call
my next witness.
It's your Chief Defender.
Virginia Cross.
Objection!
No prior notice was given.
The witness was added
after exculpatory evidence
was received late last night.
Your Honor, I'm the defendant's
former attorney,
not a material witness.
That's not true anymore.
In fact, I'd like permission
to treat Ms. Cross
as a hostile witness.
♪
What's your title
at the Public Defender's office,
Ms. Cross?
Chief Public Defender.
And is it true that the county
has cut your budget
by 35 percent
in the last 3 years?
Yes. As we all know,
budgets across the entire
government have been cut.
And with those cuts,
do you feel
that you're still able
to provide
effective representation
to each client
even though
some of your lawyers
will have over 200 cases
at once?
It's challenging,
but we do our best.
And does your best entail
being overwhelmed
and making mistakes?
Mistakes happen in any job.
I'm sure you've made some
in your career.
Oh, of course.
But the question is
did you make a mistake
in overlooking
a key piece of evidence
in my client's first trial?
Your Honor, Ms. Keating
is clearly taunting the witness
with whatever she's holding.
This is footage
from an ATM machine
which I'd like to enter
into evidence, Judge.
Why are we just hearing
of this evidence?
Because the witness
just delivered it
to my doorstep last night.
Isn't that right,
Ms. Cross?
Your Honor,
Ms. Keating needs to tell us
-what's on that footage.
-The A.D.A.'s right.
Let's play it,
if that's okay with you,
Your Honor.
I'll allow it.
[ DVD player whirs, clicks ]
♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Spectators murmuring ]
Why did you keep this evidence
hidden this whole time?
Is it because you were
protecting your position
-as Chief Defender and --
-No.
I only saw it
when I was working
on Ben's appeal.
And when was that?
2, 3 years ago?
It was in a box
with all the security footage
from that area.
So you had this
in your possession
during the first trial?
I had 45 minutes
to prep a case back then!
How was I supposed to find
45 hours
to watch every second
of that security footage?
Oh, so we can't blame you.
It's the
Public Defender's office
that's at fault, here,
because --
-That's not what I said!
-You've made your point.
You can't provide
effective counsel,
so you're overwhelmed,
underpaid,
and that's the excuse.
I don't have an excuse.
It was a mistake.
I'm human.
I made a mistake.
A terrible, terrible mistake.
I am so sorry.
[ Inhales deeply ]
♪
You have officially
lost it.
You're getting back
on this elevator
and never coming here again.
[ Whispering ]
I have proof, Michaela.
I got access
to the FAA's flight log
at the D.A.'s office,
and look.
My father's jet landed
in Philadelphia
the day Wes died.
Dominick
was probably on it.
So you go back in there,
and you win this for Wes.
♪
Go talk to her.
I don't know what to say.
That's okay.
[ Sighs ]
Hi.
Why'd you do it?
Listen, you put me
on the case to win,
and that's what I did.
You could have shown
that footage in chambers.
No one needed to know
where it came from.
But you came for me.
Why?
Are you that desperate
to be accepted by them?
I'm going to be disbarred,
Annalise!
No. If they didn't disbar me,
they're not going to disbar you.
[ Spits ]
♪
Isaac:
This was about Jasmine.
You were angry and you needed
to take it out on someone.
No.
So there weren't other ways
to win this case?
Of course there were.
But you chose to jeopardize
this woman's
entire career anyway.
It was for the greater good.
I can win my client's cases.
I know how to do that.
But now when they've already
been beaten down by the system.
Jasmine died
because of that,
and God knows
what'll happen to Ben.
You know,
you keep downplaying
these major victories
that you've won
for these people --
Because I won them
too late!
Listen.
The system's failing.
The Public Defender's office
has no resources,
and poor people
are paying the price for it.
And we all know it,
but we tolerate it.
No one's doing anything
to fix it.
How does destroying
a colleague
fix anything?
I got the Chief Public Defender
of Philadelphia
to admit, under oath,
that she was unable to provide
her clients
with their constitutional right
to a fair trial.
And?
And it's what I needed
to file a class action suit.
Against who?
The governor, the state,
and the entire justice system,
if I'm lucky.
Virginia
was a sacrificial lamb.
[ Scoffs ]
You walked in here
the other night
afraid you were going
to drink,
and your answer to that is
to launch a class-action suit?
Someone's got to do it.
You are repeating
the risky behavior
that got you here
in the first place!
Well, there's lots of reasons
why I ended up in here,
but fighting for poor people
wasn't one of them.
You're lying to yourself.
This is an opportunity to help
people who are desperate.
-People or yourself?
-Both.
Because I want
to feel better,
and this idea
makes me feel better.
There's a big difference
between feeling
better and being better.
Well, then, why don't you call
the Board and tell them
that I'm not acting
appropriately?
You know I don't want
to do that.
-Yes, you do.
-Annalise --
Because ever since
I told you about my husband,
you've been afraid
that I was going to do
the same thing to you.
Admit it.
You lost power in that moment.
You're trying to get it back --
ambushing me
to take urine tests,
telling me to drop my cases,
anything to make me know
that you're the one
in control here and not me.
The person you're in
a power struggle with here
isn't me.
It's you,
because you say
you want to get sober,
but your ambition or ego,
whatever it is,
is risking everything.
You can't save everyone,
Annalise.
Only yourself.
That's who you need
to be a hero for right now --
for you.
♪
You are not
going to break me.
Blake: Here we go.
We're down
to our final two competitors.
Whoever answers right
becomes our big cheese.
Prepare for a beatdown.
Ready?
In what foreign city
is Caplan & Gold's
smallest satellite office?
Mr. Drake.
Lagos, Nigeria.
That's... incorrect.
What?
Ms. Pratt, it's all on you.
Laurel:
Don't forget about Kigali.
My father pillages Rwanda
for minerals,
so he made C&G set up
a tiny office there.
Ms. Pratt?
Do you need to pass?
♪
No.
Kigali, Rwanda.
That's correct.
Ladies and gentlemen,
our new Hell Bowl champion,
Michaela Pratt!
[ Applause ]
[ Thomas Jack featuring
The Acid's "Basic" plays ]
[ Slurred ]
Maybe I'll drop out, too.
Michaela's going to dump me
now that I'm
a jobless loser, so...
You could work here.
You've got the right ass for it.
I do like to dance.
Ooooh!
Oliver: Connor!
You need to start picking up
your phone more often.
Oli!
C man thinks I've got
bubble butt for days!
Hi.
Sorry, gentlemen.
I play for the vaginal team.
Asher.
These two twinks
might be interested
in a foursome.
These are Connor's dads.
They came to our apartment
looking for him.
So, this is where
my tuition money's going.
[ Sighs ]
♪ Tender we fall ♪
Your ass is going down
next time.
♪ Quiet and alone ♪
Yeah?
I thought you might
be thirsty.
Mm.
Thank you.
♪
You need something else?
I want to work for you.
Why?
You're brilliant,
you win all your cases,
and you have the best
client list in the firm.
I'd kill to work
on any of your accounts.
Antares, for example.
Okay.
But it's your funeral.
Close the door
on your way out.
Where's the baby?
♪ Coming up for air ♪
Answer the damn phone!
♪ Coming up for air, air ♪
♪ Coming up for air ♪
Annalise?
Annalise! Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you were Annalise.
Michaela?
Is he dead?
♪
He's dead, isn't he?
[ Voice breaking ]
Everyone around us... dies.
That's what we do.
[ Crying ]
Everyone dies.
♪